docs: add edge additions to vmo docs (#1890)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/vm-packs-profiles/create-vmo-profile.md

- A Palette permission key `create` for the resource `clusterProfile`.

> - If you are creating an Edge cluster profile, your profile must have a CSI pack. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are creating an Edge cluster profile, your profile must have a Container Storage Interface pack.  
```
Clarifying what CSI is for those newer.

8. Click **Confirm & Create**. 

9. In the following screen, click **Next**. 

10. Review the profile and click **Finish Configuration**.

11. Apply the profile to your cluster. For more information, refer to [Create a Cluster](../../clusters/public-cloud/deploy-k8s-cluster.md). 

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="edge" label="Edge">

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

2. Select **Profiles** in the left **Main Menu** and click the **Add Cluster Profile** button.

3. Enter basic information for the profile: name, version if desired, and optional description.

4. Select type **Add-on**, and click **Next**.

5. In the following screen, click **Add New Pack**. 

6. Locate the **Virtual Machine Orchestrator** pack and add it to your profile. 

> 7. Review the **Access** configuration panel at right. The default setting is **Proxied**, which automatically adds the **Spectro Proxy** pack when you create the cluster, allowing access to the Spectro VM Dashboard from anywhere. Check out the [Spectro Proxy](../../integrations/frp.md) guide to learn more. Changing the default may require some additional configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Review the **Access** configuration panel at right. The default setting is **Proxied**, which automatically adds the **Spectro Proxy** pack when you create the cluster, allowing access to the Spectro VM Dashboard from anywhere.  Changing the default may require some additional configuration. Check out the [Spectro Proxy](../../integrations/frp.md) guide to learn more
```
It's better to end with the link, versus adding information after the link out. -

    The **Direct** option is intended for a private configuration where a proxy is not implemented or not desired.

8. If you are using K3s or RKE2 as the Kubernetes layer in your cluster profile, you need to update the `charts.virtual-machine-orchestrator.multus.networkController` parameter in the `values.yaml` for the VMO pack. Add a line for the parameter `enableK3SHostPath` and set its value to `true`. In addition, change `criSocketContainerPath` to `/host/run/containerd/containerd.sock`. 

    ```yaml {3-4}
    networkController:
        criSocket:
            enableK3SHostPath: true 
            criSocketContainerPath: /host/run/containerd/containerd.sock
    ```    

>     If you are using PKX-E, no change is required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are using the Kubernetes distribution, Palette eXtended Kubernetes - Edge, no change is required. 
```

9. If your cluster profile does not include a load balancer, update the services `charts.virtual-machine-orchestrator.kubevirt` and `charts.virtual-machine-orchestrator.cdi` to type ClusterIP in **values.yaml** for the VMO pack:

>     ```yaml {10}

Reviewer: @lennessyy experiment with a Tab set. Maybe the presentation is better versus back to back code snippets?

     cdi:
            enabled: true
            replicas: 1
            image:
                repository: quay.io/kubevirt/cdi-operator
                pullPolicy: IfNotPresent
                # Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion.
                tag: "v1.56.0"
            service:
                type: ClusterIP
                port: 443
                targetPort: 8443
    ```

    ```yaml {7}
    kubevirt:
            enabled: true
            # defaults to kubevirt
            namespace: kubevirt
            replicas: 1
            service:
                type: ClusterIP
                port: 443
                targetPort: 8443
    ```

    If your cluster profile does include a load balancer such as MetalLB, no changes are required. For more information about MetalLB, refer to [MetalLB pack documentation](../../integrations/metallb.md). 

10. Click **Confirm & Create**. 

11. In the following screen, click **Next**. 

12. Review the profile and click **Finish Configuration**.

> 13. Add the add-on profile when you create any  For more information, refer to [Create Cluster Definition](../../clusters/edge/site-deployment/site-installation/cluster-deployment.md).

Reviewer: I think part of this sentence is missing.
